Add multi-objective optimization support to Optuna sweeper (#1294)
facebookresearch/hydra: website/docs/plugins/optuna_sweeper.md

import GithubLink,{ExampleGithubLink} from "@site/src/components/GithubLink"

> [![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/hydra-optuna-sweeper)](https://pypi.org/project/hydra-optuna-sweeper/)

Reviewer: If we decide to officially support Hydra 1.1 and newer here we should mention it early in the readme to avoid surprises by users installing the plugin and having their Hydra upgraded to 1.1.

Author: Thank you for your suggestion.
I set the version limitation of the hydra-core as `hydra-core>1.0` in the commit https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/pull/1294/commits/9b231efab9fe2dd347847f45d4da80810805f32d. And then, I explained the version limitation of Hydra in the installation section in https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/pull/1294/commits/d71aec8aec783312c1c2d8ae6ec291ae71e01588.

  - `choices`: a list of parameter value candidates

The parameters are mapped to [`CategoricalDistribution`](https://optuna.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/generated/optuna.distributions.CategoricalDistribution.html).

## Example 2:  Multi-Objective Optimization

We include another example in the directory. `example/multi-objective.py` implements a simple benchmark function which has two objective values. We'd like to minimize both objectives simultaneously.

You can discover the Optuna sweeper parameters with:

> ```yaml title="python example/multi-objective.py hydra/sweeper=optuna --cfg hydra -p hydra.sweeper"

Reviewer: use <details> tag to fold this output.
See example in other plugins.

Author: I applied the `details` tag in the commit https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/pull/1294/commits/0f774bc2d1fad317b1a3bb1876df760642372159. Thank you!
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3255979/106156244-a4b8f080-61c4-11eb-8449-35bd78109c53.png)

# @package hydra.sweeper
_target_: hydra_plugins.hydra_optuna_sweeper.optuna_sweeper.OptunaSweeper
optuna_config:
  direction:
  - minimize
  - minimize
  storage: null
  study_name: multi-objective
  n_trials: 20
  n_jobs: 1
  sampler: nsgaii
  seed: 123
search_space:
  x:
    type: float
    low: 0
    high: 5
    step: 0.5
  y:
    type: float
    low: 0
    high: 3
    step: 0.5
```

> To run optimization, run the following command in the `plugins/hydra_optuna_sweeper` directoy:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run the optimization, use the following command in the `plugins/hydra_optuna_sweeper` directory:
```

```commandline
python example/multi-objective.py --multirun
```

> For this problem, no single solution exists that simultaneously minimizes both objectives. Instead, we obtained a set of solutions, namely Pareto optimal solutions, that shapes the trade-off relationship between the objectives. In the following figure, the blue dots show the Pareto optimal solutions in the optimization results.

Reviewer 3: Is `Pareto optimal solutions` something common in multi-objective optimization? If not, we may want to add a small link somewhere?

Author: Thank you for pointing it out. In my understanding, it is a common term in the domain of multi-objective optimization. For example, it appears in the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-objective_optimization).

On the other hand, it is not as common as the word `the best solution`, and I should add a link as you suggested. Do you think the link to the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-objective_optimization)?

In addition, I used `pareto_front` and `Pareto solutions` in the key name of the result dictionary and a log message. I'm not sure if it is user-friendly or not. I guess many users are familiar with the word `best solutions`. Do you think I should replace them with `best_solutions` and `Best solutions`?

https://github.com/toshihikoyanase/hydra/blob/b98efa709ca5f43314e8d8bbec7d8f52eed01dcb/plugins/hydra_optuna_sweeper/hydra_plugins/hydra_optuna_sweeper/_impl.py#L263-L265

Author: Regarding the `Pareto optimal solutions`, I add a link to a Wikipedia article about [Pareto efficiency](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pareto_efficiency) in the commit https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/pull/1294/commits/976a916a0ec601400e9ac1469652eebf83c80f30.

> I guess many users are familiar with the word best solutions or solutions. Do you think I should replace them with best_solutions or solutions?

I replaced `pareto_front` that is a key name in the result yaml with `solutions` in the commit (https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/pull/1294/commits/d27267c1739b4a8b20238e3b502e78116a6abe5d).

PTAL.

> For this problem, no single solution exists that simultaneously minimizes both objectives. Instead, we obtained a set of solutions, namely Pareto optimal solutions, that shapes the trade-off relationship between the objectives. In the following figure, the blue dots show the Pareto optimal solutions in the optimization results.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For problems with trade-offs between two different objectives, there may be no single solution that simultaneously minimizes both objectives. Instead, we obtained a set of solutions, namely Pareto optimal solutions, that show the best trade-offs possible between the objectives. In the following figure, the blue dots show the Pareto optimal solutions in the optimization results.
```
